README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Leaderboard

Simple leaderboard score displaying site using ES6 and API calls!

## Built With

- HTML, JavaScript, CSS
- Webpack
- Gitflow

## Live Demo

- [Demo](https://danie12345.github.io/leaderboard/dist/)

## Getting Started

> To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Clone the repo with this link https://github.com/Danie12345/leaderboard.git

- Create a branch to work on your features

- Make a pull request with your changes once you're done

## Author

👤 [Github](https://github.com/Danie12345)

👤 [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-malo-75218a192/)

👤 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DanielMalo_v4)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues](https://github.com/Danie12345/leaderboard/issues) page.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt) licensed.

Commit message:

Add funny farm background music

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Leaderboard

Simple leaderboard score displaying site using ES6 and API calls!

## Built With

- HTML, JavaScript, CSS
- Webpack
- Gitflow

## Live Demo

- [Demo](https://danie12345.github.io/leaderboard/dist/)

## Getting Started

> To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Clone the repo with this link https://github.com/Danie12345/leaderboard.git

- Create a branch to work on your features

- Make a pull request with your changes once you're done

## Author

👤 [Github](https://github.com/Danie12345)

👤 [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-malo-75218a192/)

👤 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DanielMalo_v4)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues](https://github.com/Danie12345/leaderboard/issues) page.

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Music Credits
- Delicate Steve - [Crops](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K11_8mgay8E) on YouTube.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt) licensed.
